the curtain is raised Oh most extreme
fighting predators who will walk away
sorry I seriously to the point where I
don't know I can't get into today the
stage is set it's the century yeah oh
this game is laggy too by the way haha
sip what will happen now fight the fight
is a way to be respectable what can you
do
just flailing stuff in my face I can't
block hot okay right the block this is
the last round has been super hot okay
hot ok gonna shit what r us oh you know
with a basic neck kick Oh evil for you
wait i wish i knew combos with this guy
I wish I knew kappa i can't figure out
how to do any combos with his his cake
he's axe kick I know he has good ones
but I don't know how to do them